in this video I will show you the
answers to the guests The Wrestler
app levels 1 to 50 level 1 Jeff Hardy
level 2 John Cena
level 3 damien sandow level 4 Hulk Hogan
level 5 Kurt Angle level 6 Ryback level
7 Dwayne Johnson level 8
Booker T level 9 Cody Rhodes level 10
Mick Foley level 11 low key level 12
Bob Backlund level 13 Scott Steiner
level 14 Shawn Michaels level 15 Mark
Henry level 16 Randy Orton level 17 ron
killings level 18 Dean Ambrose level 19
Ted DiBiase level 20 Daniel Bryan level
21 Wade Barrett level 22 warrior level
CM Punk level 24 Randy Savage level 25
sting level 26 Triple H level 27 Antonio
Cesaro level 28 Brock Lesnar level 29
Steve Austin level 30 Zack Ryder level
31 Christian level 32 m-v-p level 33
Sheamus level 34 Dolph Ziggler level 35
David Otunga level 36 Tommy Dreamer
level 37 Batista level 38 Rob Van Dam
level 39 Undertaker level 40 Kane level
41 Beer Money Inc level 42 Chris Candido
level 43 abyss level 44 lay cool level
45 bush walkers level 46 Evan Bourne
level 47 Bully Ray level 48
executioner's level 49 Raven level 50
jack briscoe if you want to see the
answers to levels 51 to level 100 please
click this video here